Add documentation pages from OpenMS Wiki (#24)
OpenMS/OpenMS-docs: openms-wiki/about.md

About

> =====

Reviewer: There is an About OpenMS: https://staging-openms.readthedocs.io/en/staging/docs/index.html

Can you merge these contents?

Author: don't know how....

Reviewer: delete this file.

> OpenMS is an open-source C++ library for Mass Spectrometry (MS) data management and analyses. It offers an infrastructure for the rapid development of mass spectrometry-related software. OpenMS is free software available under the [three-clause BSD license](https://github.com/OpenMS/OpenMS-docs/blob/main/LICENSE). It is available for Windows, Mac OS X and Linux.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenMS is an open-source C++ library for Mass Spectrometry (MS) data management and analyses. It offers an infrastructure for the rapid development of mass spectrometry-related software. OpenMS is free software available under the [three-clause BSD license](https://github.com/OpenMS/OpenMS-docs/blob/main/LICENSE). It is available for Windows, macOS and Linux.
```
